README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/IconoirIcons/iconoir/blob/43b76792ddfe3a626c857dd501fa8b616001ab2c/src/iconoir.png" alt="Iconoir">
</p>

<p align="center">
  Iconoir is an open source library with 900+ SVG Icons, designed on a 24x24 pixels grid. No premium icons, no email sign-up, no newsletters.
<p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://iconoir.com"><strong>Browse at iconoir.com &rarr;</strong></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/iconoir-react">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/iconoir-react.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Monthly Downloads">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/iconoir-react">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iconoir-react.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/lucaburgio/iconoir">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lucaburgio/iconoir?style=flat-square" alt="Project Stars">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/lucaburgio/iconoir/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/lucaburgio/iconoir?style=flat-square" alt="License">
  </a>
</p>

## Basic Usage

You can download any icon of the pack directly from https://iconoir.com or get them from the repository.

## React

A React library is available to install under the name `iconoir-react`. For more details, see the package [README](./packages/iconoir-react).

## Framer

Iconoir is happily part of [Framer](https://framer.com) now. To start using the icons: On the top menu, `Insert` > `Graphics` > `Iconoir`.
You can switch between icons from the right sidebar in the editor.

## Font

To use Iconoir as a font, add the [iconoir.css](./fonts/iconoir.css) file in your project.

Import the CSS File:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lucaburgio/iconoir/master/fonts/iconoir.css">
```

Here is an example in HTML:

```html
<span class="iconoir-hand-brake"></span>
```
The class must always be "iconoir-" and then the name of the icon. You can find the names of the icons [here](https://iconoir.com).

## Figma

The library is available in the Figma community [here](https://www.figma.com/community/file/983248991460488027/Iconoir-Pack).

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Mention 'iconoir-react-native' in README

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/IconoirIcons/iconoir/blob/43b76792ddfe3a626c857dd501fa8b616001ab2c/src/iconoir.png" alt="Iconoir">
</p>

<p align="center">
  Iconoir is an open source library with 900+ SVG Icons, designed on a 24x24 pixels grid. No premium icons, no email sign-up, no newsletters.
<p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://iconoir.com"><strong>Browse at iconoir.com &rarr;</strong></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/iconoir-react">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/iconoir-react.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Monthly Downloads">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/iconoir-react">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/iconoir-react.svg?style=flat-square" alt="NPM Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/lucaburgio/iconoir">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lucaburgio/iconoir?style=flat-square" alt="Project Stars">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/lucaburgio/iconoir/blob/master/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/lucaburgio/iconoir?style=flat-square" alt="License">
  </a>
</p>

## Basic Usage

You can download any icon of the pack directly from https://iconoir.com or get them from the repository.

## React

A React library is available to install under the name `iconoir-react`. For more details, see the package [README](./packages/iconoir-react).

## React Native

A React Native library is available to install under the name `iconoir-react-native`. For more details, see the package [README](./packages/iconoir-react-native).

## Framer

Iconoir is happily part of [Framer](https://framer.com) now. To start using the icons: On the top menu, `Insert` > `Graphics` > `Iconoir`.
You can switch between icons from the right sidebar in the editor.

## Font

To use Iconoir as a font, add the [iconoir.css](./fonts/iconoir.css) file in your project.

Import the CSS File:

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lucaburgio/iconoir/master/fonts/iconoir.css">
```

Here is an example in HTML:

```html
<span class="iconoir-hand-brake"></span>
```
The class must always be "iconoir-" and then the name of the icon. You can find the names of the icons [here](https://iconoir.com).

## Figma

The library is available in the Figma community [here](https://www.figma.com/community/file/983248991460488027/Iconoir-Pack).

## License

MIT License
